---
layout: post
title:  "Blog 7”
date:   2020-10-23 11:07:48 -0700
categories: docker
---

Todays blog will be on a presentation my team and I  presented in CIT 425. This presentation we did in my opinion is extremely important to learn about and learn from, especially in the IT filed. The topic we presented was on ransomware. Ransomware is a type of malware. Malware is any software intentionally designed to cause damage to a computer, server, client, or computer network. Malware:
Malware is any software intentionally designed to cause damage to a computer, server, client, or computer network. There are a wide variety types of malware in existence:
* Computer viruses        
* Worms
* Trojan horses
* Ransomware
* Spyware
* Adware
* Rogue software
* Scareware
The first part of the word is word-forming element of Latin origin meaning “bad, badly, ill, poorly, wrong, wrongly”. As I have explained, ransomware is a type of malware that is used to do bad things to the attacker’s objective. 
Malware spreads by propagating a malware application to an email which is very simple and effective. Next, cybercriminals can design websites that exploit system vulnerabilities, human error and common sense. And finally, Cybercriminals can design websites that exploit system vulnerabilities, human error and common sense.
Ransomware:
Ransomware is a type of malware that is form crypto virology that publishes the victims’ data or blocks access to the victim’s own data until a ransom is paid. Again, as I stated, ransomware is a form of crypto virology, this is a study of how to use cryptography to create powerful malicious software. 
There are many ways that ransomware spreads:
* Email
* Malicious URLs
* Remote desktop protocols
* MSPs and RMMs
* Malvertising
* Drive-by-downloads
* Network propagation
* Pirated software
* USB drives and portable computers
Here are ways that one can safeguard from malware attacks:
* Adopting a secure corporate culture- Train employees to be suspicious of strange emails that are not typical for them to receive or something that may seem out of the ordinary. It may seem like a lot of work to some, but it is worth it in the end because it can save millions of dollars if an attack is successful. 
* Make sure to have easy recoverable backups
* Create password or a two step-authentication to access points that are not restricted
* Address mobile data by creating corporate policies that will delete any linked corporate information to the mobile device after several unsuccessful logins.
Here is an example of an unfortunate situation that happened in Germany which ended up costing someones life due to ransomware. A German woman lost her life due to a ransomware attack that occurred at University Hospital Dusseldorf, Dusseldorf Germany. The hospital was attacked September 17, 2020 with a ransomware. The ransomware caused all systems in the hospital to crash and that had the hospital turn patients away. During the incident the woman was turned away and she had a life threatening emergency, but they had to transport her to the next nearest hospital which was 20 miles away. During the transportation to the hospital, the woman died because of lack of medical attention. Analysis of the U.S. Department of Health and the Human Services involving 3,000 hospitals between 2012 and 2016 found an increase in deaths at hospitals following ransomware attacks and data breaches. It is very important that we all stay vigilant but mainly IT personal because ransomware does not just attack hospitals but any entity that my have important data or money that criminals can take hostage until a ransom is paid to them, and even then it is not guaranteed that they will return all data and possibly made copies of them. 
