---
layout: post
title:  "Blog 5"
date:   2020-10-09 11:07:48 -0700
categories: docker
---

Todays blog I will be discussing more lessons that I learned in my CIT425---
layout: post
title:  "Blog 0"
date:   2020-10-09 11:07:48 -0700
categories: docker
---

Today’s blog I will be discussing more lessons that I learned in my CIT425, I will discuss how to safely distribute a shared secret key. 

To share secret keys, you have to encrypt using both public and private keys, both sides must have key pair. This is very slow, two encrypt, and decryptions. 

Now I will discuss two other ways. SSL (Secure Socket Layer). This was originally developed by Netscape and it was built to support https. Later it became known as TLS (Transport Layer Security). This is the way that your browser talks to browsers because the browser is bootstrapped to trust certain CAs. With this method, only server identities must be verified by having certificate containing public key, the client does not need one and is used by https. 

Next is SSH (Secure Shell). In 1995 in Helsinki at the University of Technology, an attacker was sniffing passwords and using them in telnet. Researcher Tatu Ylonen, developed SSH-1 to encrypt telnet communications, and released it as freeware. By the end of 1995 it had 20k users and by 2000, it had 2 million users. SSH daemons now listen for connections on port 22. Next one is SSH-2 which uses the Diffie-Hellman key exchange algorithm. Each side collaborates mathematically to produce the same session key without ever transmitting this key.  

