---
layout: post
title:  "Blog 11”
date:   2020-11-20 11:07:48 -0700
categories: docker
---
 
Today there was an article that came out this morning by CNet. The title was “Apple and Facebook feud over who's violating your privacy more,”. Now there is a question that in a way, we already know big tech does and is very well known for, just like the game they play in the political arena. It is funny to see them blame each other for what they do with our privacy and data. In the article Apple’s privacy chief kicked off the clash last Thursday, both accusing each other of failing to protect our data privacy. As Apple takes a stance on privacy as one of its core market value, Facebook and its advertisers have been adjusting for the fallout. Jane Horvath, Apple’s privacy chief wrote a letter to advocates from organizations like; Electronic Frontier Foundation, Human Rights Watch and the Open Technology Institute, to call out Facebook for its data collection practices arguing that the company does not care about peoples privacy. "Facebook executives have made it clear their intent is to collect as much data as possible across both first- and third-party products to develop and monetize detailed profiles of their users, and this disregard for user privacy continues to expand to include more of their products," Horvath said. This letter was in response to a letter that was sent back on October 7 urging Apple to implement its anti-tracking measures introduced in June sooner, the letter was sent by Ranking Digital Rights, on October 7, 2020. At Apple’s World Wide Developer’s Conference, here they announced several new privacy updates for iOS which include an app called App Tracking Transparency, this app allows people to give permission to give third party apps access to their privacy data rather than the app get it by default. This app threatens to uproot several ad-tracking features in apps, which it includes Facebook. In August the company warned that the update would mean less profit for advertisers because of less effective tracking. In the month of September, Apple decided to push back the release until 2021 so that way developers have a chance to make any necessary changes. "We developed [App Tracking Transparency] for a single reason: because we share your concerns about users being tracked without their consent and the bundling and reselling of data by advertising networks and data brokers," Horvath said in the Nov. 19 letter. 
Now Facebook has responded back. Facebook is accusing Apple of using data privacy as a cover for market dominance in the advertising world. This accusation is not only based in Silicon Valley, During a hearing on tech monopolies in July, lawmakers also criticized Apple for using privacy as an argument  to hurt competitors. Apple collects on its iOS through an identifier called IDFA, this creates a unique ID on your device for advertisers. Advocates argue that Apple’s IDFA violates privacy rights and organizations like Mozilla called on Apple to reset the identifiers every month by default to limit tracking.App Tracking Transparency essentially guts IDFA, since ad trackers now will have to get permission every time they want to get your data on apps. Studies show that the majority of users don’t change their privacy settings  so what you get by default is what most people will experience. Apps were taking millions of people's information by default, and will now need consent to do it, threatening the business model for advertising companies. Facebook pointed out Apple’s flaws with FaceTime where even though the call was not yet picked up, the caller coal here on conversation from the person they were calling. Facebook just recently patched an exact flaw they also had. In Facebook's response to Apple's letter on Thursday, the social network had a similar argument: Apple is just as bad as everyone else. "They enforced against our internal business apps to change the topic," Facebook said in its statement. "Sadly, we're not perfect and it worked." In my honest opinion I think Facebook is not innocent nor can they be trusted nor do I trust anything Zuckerberg says, you can see his dishonesty and it was really shown during the 2016 election and 2020. Unfortunately none of the big tech companies care about our privacy and all they want to do is push their agendas so I don’t trust any of them with my data. 
