---
layout: post
title:  "Blog 4”
date:   2020-10-02 11:07:48 -0700
categories: docker
---
 
Today I will be blogging part of a project my group and I are working on in CIT 384, our project is a website for a Mexican restaurant where customers can sign up, get in contact with the restaurant and order from. 
First thing I will be talking about is Vue.js (Progressive JS Framework). It is an open-source front-end JavaScript framework for building user interfaces and single-page application. It can eventually be on top with Angular and React Native. Vue.js is an easier framework to learn than React Native and Angular since it is a lightweight framework. Now even though it is primarily used to develop sophisticated single-page web application, there are ways to make a single-page web application into a multi-page web application using Vue.js framework. 
Now I will be talking about development requirements:
Bootstrap Vue:
Bootstrap-Vue offers support for both Bootstrap components and for Vue.js, which gave us the full feature set from the Vue, this is also a framework that is primarily HTML. 
VeeValidate:
VeeValidate is a form validation framework for Vue.js and this plug in framework will be used for sign up and contact form. 
Toast notification:
Toast notification is a small message that shows up in a box at the bottom of the screen and disappears on its own after a few seconds. This is a very simple feedback about an operation in which current activity remains visible and Interactive. 
Ubuntu:
Here are a few things that we have to install: Node.js, Vue CLI, Bootstrap Vue, Vee-Validate, Vue-Recaptcha. Next we needed a directory to hold all source code, and next we will need to push our source code to Github repository. 
Visual Studio Code, Notepad++
We used Github and it was free. Here we created two repositories. The first repository is going to be used to hold source code which we have titled “CIT384 Final Project-main,” and the second repository which we named after one of the team members “enemy-github.io” is being used to display and host the web application. 
Next I will discuss the motivation.
We want to try something new because we have no knowledge of any type of framework that was suggested by our professor and we had no knowledge of JS framework. As I discussed earlier, it is a lighter framework than Angular and React because it is easier to learn and it helps us get our feet wet before diving into a complex framework. Good thing about this experience is that we can add this skillset to our resume. This experience also slightly improved our HTML, CSS, and JavaScript skills, it pushed us to try new libraries like Bootstrap Vue, Toast and VeeValidate. We got to use Bootstrap Vue because it is different but sort of similar to Bootstrap Framework. Toast and VeeValidate were used so that the contact page and sign-up forms would be more responsive or interactive so we could add cool features for the pages. We used GitHub to store our source code and host web application because in CIT 480 I am leaning about it and the other team members were interested in trying something new. Some companies use GitHub to share code among colleagues and we were able to figure out how we could use Vue on Glitch and use Glitch to host it live. 
On a future blog I will continue on the progress of our Mexicanology page and the finalization of it.


