---
layout: post
title:  "Blog 6”
date:   2020-10-16 11:07:48 -0700
categories: docker
---
 
Today I will be blogging about the progress on my team and I CIT384 project. So far we have made good progress and should be almost complete with it and ready for presentation. 
The first thing we will talk about is navigation menu bar. For the menu bar we used Bootstrap Vue. The issue we kept running into was that it would not navigate to the proper Vue pages, the solution we discovered was to wrap <router-link> tag around the <b-dropdown-item href=…..> tag. 
<Router-link> is a compound for enabling user navigation in a router-enabled app, the “to” prop is where you enter the path for the Vue files. It doesn’t necessarily redirect you to a different page but it takes the content from a Vue page and loads it into the app.vue, ours is located in the router folder as “index.js” . Here is what we have on our navigation bar: restaurant name, home, menu (drop down with menu items to order), contact us, and sign up. Within the menu dropdown we have: appetizers, breakfast, lunch, dinner, drinks and dessert. 
The first thing I will be talking about is the menu.
Cards:
A bootstrap review component and flexible and extensive contact container that includes options for headers and footers and why variety of contact conceptual background colors and powerful display options, this was used to display dishes, their prices, and a short description of what the dish is to explain for those unfamiliar with it, this component was also used for drinks desert vue file.
CardBody:
<b-card-body> automatically comes with a bit of padding so no need to add more padding values when formatting CSS for this.
<b-card-no-body> we used this to disable to the automatic <b-card-body> and the padding it comes with. 
The img-src inside the <b-card> places an image on the top of the card and use the img-alt to specify a string to be placed in the image’s alt attribute. 
The image specified by the imp-src will be responsive and will adjust it width when the width of the card is changed. 
Tab <b-tab> used to divide different drinks we offer: nonalcoholic, beers, red wine, and white wine.
Vee Validate: a form validation framework for vue.js, checks for input in the appropriate fields and notifies users if they have not completed the field, in order to function properly form (<b-form>) must be wrapped inside the VeeValidate tag <validation – observer> input fields <b-form-input> must be wrapped in the <validation-provider> tag, validation rules must be provided to <validation-provider> (example-required: true, min: 3)
Smtp.js: an API that sends emails via JavaScript without the need for server-side code, email credentials can be used directly or encrypted via SMTP.JS website must include call to smtp.js script in index.HTML file.
Vue-recaptcha: packages googles recaptcha API as a Vue  component,  for proper use , install vue-recaptcha via NPM and include call to recaptcha API in index.HTML. Sign up for recaptcha API and use the provided site keys with  vue-recaptcha code.
Vue-toastifications: widely customizable notifications (colors, icons, messages, timeout, etc.) Triggered upon success code from smtp.js will auto dismiss after five seconds or can be closed via button.
And finally we come to Sign Up. It uses the same functionality as the Contact Us page. 
We have been able to create a successful and elegant page for our restaurant it is ready to be presented and used for many different types of orders or information when they want to contact us and also get information regarding the restaurant, dishes,  drinks, etc.. On a future blog I will be discussing things we've learned and how we used frameworks, I will compare React vs Vue.  
