---
layout: post
title:  "Blog 0"
date:   2020-09-01 11:07:48 -0700
categories: docker
---

Today I was finally able to install Jekyll to my Mac using MacOS Catalina. When I was initially trying to install it, I always received an error message that stated that I didn’t have the permissions to install Jekyll. I typed “ruby -v” and I had the latest ruby installed and then I typed “gem -v”, which also told me that I had the latest gem. No matter what I tried I kept getting the same error messages that I had no permissions.  I finally installed Homebrew to my machine. Once Homebrew was installed, I entered “gem install --user-install bundler jekyll”, everything seem to be successful but I was wrong, luckily I went ahead and kept the meeting with Professor Smith. When I had the meeting, it seemed as though nothing worked	 but we finally realized that I needed to install a separate ruby to be able to use as an alternate rather than the preinstalled one. Once the new ruby was installed we just needed to make a directory on the local machine by typing “mkdir docs”. Now I am ready to prepare my machine to sync up to my gitbub, where I will be posting a weekly blog. 
1. git commit -m “Initial Config” - this unpacks some files and the placeholder “2020-09-01-welcome-to-jekyll.markdown”
2. git push
At this point, the terminal prompts me for my GitHub login and password. 
3. git status
4. We the cd _posts - this is where the weekly blogs that I create on a weekly basis will be kept. 

Now I moved on to the VI where I will be editing and creating my blogs. 
1. vi 2020-09-01.blog-0.md
2. Once the vi window opens I create the header and the body where my blog goes. 
3. After all is complete, “:wq” to save my edits. 
4. git status- this will produce a message that I have an untracked file. 
5. git add . - to commit
6. git commit -m “Initial Blog 0”
7. git push- this pushes the blog to the GitHub to sync
8. Go to GitHub website and refresh the page, the updated blog should be there. 

This is my first time using GitHub, so I am learning something new that I will be able to use in the real world. I can just blog from the webpage but where is the fun in that. I am still nervous using it because it is something new to me but in time after doing these blogs weekly, this will hopefully become a lot easier to do from terminal. I will be blogging about different experiences or what I learn within my CIT education. Until my next blog take care. 

