---
layout: post
title:  "Blog 10”
date:   2020-11-13 11:07:48 -0700
categories: docker
---
 
Today’s blog will be a little different, today I will be talking about Apple’s new M1 chip that replaces the Intel processor that all previous MacBooks had. According to Forbes article on November 12th, the article states that Apple has a plan to move everything from Intel to their newly acquired ARM within a two year window. This week, Apple introduced three new Mac Machines with their new M1 processor. The choice that Apple had to make was to either entice consumer and let them know that there was something new and exciting or would its let the customer know that everything still remains the same and take the safe route. 
Apple could have just given the new ARM chips to the higher end model Mac’s but it actually without any noise, removed their lower end machine the MacBook Air from its Intel portfolio and replaced it with an ARM MacBook Air, this means that the company is going all ion with their ARM technology. This will cause minimal disruption to the consumer. One thing that I find interesting though that Apple bring ARM to the MacBook Air and their lower end MacBook Pro, it was really strange to me that the higher end MacBook Pro still rocks an Intel processor as the weapon of choice. 
According to the article, they state that they have shocked part of the Mac ecosystem that of developers. This means that they have to follow the plan that has been laid out by Tim Cook and his team. A lot of hours were spent presenting to third party developers on the ease of the transition, it was compared to the short amount of time toon the emulation power of Rosetta 2. So in the end consumers were told that everything still remains un changed while developers were told that the change would be easy. To the huge fans of the product, they were shown graphs that showed what the ARM could do, this left them with an excitment about the changes to come. In my opinion I am extremely excited about the changes and the fact that Apple has acquired the rights to the ARM technology, if they play their cards right, this will put Apple in a new and exciting level. 
