---
layout: post
title:  "Blog 8”
date:   2020-10-30 11:07:48 -0700
categories: docker
---
 
It is best to use Bootstrap Vue components than Bootstrap’s
Avoid conflicting components and there are some Bootstrap components that are not supported by Vue. 
For the CSS always remember that as a good practice to always have a separate CSS file that will hold all of your CSS edits, this way you keep it organized and it looks clean.
Next have a lot of comments. Make sure you have comments, in order to know what each one does, also if anyone needs to make changes, they know what is going on. You can also use comments to divide certain blocks of HTML code. 
If you decide to use Github to store your source code instead of glitch, you will want to first create your Github repository first before you gitpush your code and it is important to configure your Github in your ubuntu terminal. The reason you will want to configure the Github is so when you do “git add .” “git commit -m “” “and “git push”, you don’t encounter an authentication error. 
If you choose to host your web application on Github live, simply create another repository specifically for publishing your site, separate from your source code.

JSX which is a syntax extension to JavaScript, it is recommend using it with React to describe what the UI should look like. 
Alternative libraries and framework
React VS Vue.js
First, we have JSX vs Template 
React: everything is in JavaScript; HTML structures are expressed via JSX
Vue: use HTML-based templates to create your source code and web applications; this is a lot easier for designers and developers with very little experience. 
Next Component-scoped CSS
React: Styled components is a library that allows you to use component- level styles in your application that are written with a mixture of JavaScript and CSS using a technique called CSS-in-JS
Vue: the method of default styling in Vue is through <style>tag in single file components, single file component gives you full access to CSS in the same file as the rest of your component code. 
Learnability: 
React is an elaborate JS framework which requires a decent amount of time and effort to understand, for beginners it can be very intimidating because of the semi-advanced to advanced concepts, helper libraries and coding practices. 
Vue: unlike React, it does not require as much time and effort because it is a lightweight JS framework, and it is easy to implement the JavaScript framework.

Next, Angular VS Vue.js
The first thing is Usability. 
Angular: it is bigger, more mature framework, and generally takes longer to develop application. 
Vue is great for simple, performant applications, as well as for rapid prototyping. 
Runtime Performance & Learnability
Both of the frameworks are exceptionally fast in runtime performance 
Angular: the learning curve is much steeper because its design goal is mainly targeting only large, complex applications. The framework is more difficult for inexperienced developers to pick up because of its purpose of creating large, complex apps. 
Vue: it is lightweight because you mainly need to know HTML and JavaScript and maybe a little CSS for styling. 
