---
layout: post
title:  "Blog 12”
date:   2020-12-04 11:07:48 -0700
categories: docker
---
 
Well we have made it to the end of this semester which in my opinion	 has got to be the strangest semester and probably the most difficult for me. On a lighter note I am one semester away from graduation. This semester I took 3 courses and they were all Computer Information Technology related: CIT 384 which is Web Development. In this course I learned about I learned the three core languages of web design: HTML, CSS, JavaScript. CSS controls how a page looks, JavaScript controls how it behaves and HTML provides the essential structure for webpages. This was a very interesting class because it actually lets you see what is going on win the background, how the pages begin as a skeleton and how they come together, and when you combine the 3 core languages, you get a website of whatever you want to show and tweak it your way. 
The next class I took was CIT 425 Information & System Security. CIT 425 is a complicated class yet very interesting because here you see another side of webpages and how we communicate with them and how our information is secured so no one can intercept our communication such as personal information or financial information. There is a CIA Triad which stands for: Confidential, Integrity, and Availability. Confidentiality prevents intentional and unintentional disclosure of communications between sender and recipients. Integrity ensures the accuracy and consistency of information during all processing. Availability makes sure those who are authorized to accessorize resources can do so in a reliable and timely. In this class I also learned about Symmetric and Asymmetric Keys and how they work when we communicate by having public and private keys to open messages and digital certificates for authentication. We also learned about vulnerabilities that malicious people can take advantage of and make a companies network vulnerable. 
And finally I tool CIT 480 Senior Design part 1. I have to say this was the hardest class for me because I got to learn new tings I did not know about such as: GitHub, Slack, and blogging on GitHub as I am doing now. I am glad we learned about these programs and websites because in the real world we will have top keep accountability of all of our work and Slack is a place to do that and communicate with colleagues. We also learned AWS which is in great demand in the IT industry. I am grateful because I know this will be a huge key to me being able to find a good paying IT job, it has expanded my knowledge. I am not sure if nest semester we will be blogging again but if we do I will see you next semester. Have a great winter vacation. Signing out until Spring 2021. 
