---
layout: post
title:  "Blog  SP21”
date:   2021-03-12 11:07:48 -0700
categories: docker
---

Today my blog will be short and not the traditional kind where I explain what I have been learning in my IS 441 class. This has been a sad day for me because my daughter unfortunately lost my grandson which was due to be born within the next 2 weeks. I will never know what my daughter is going through, all I know is that I wish I could just blink and make all of her pain go away and bring my grandson back to life. My daughter was so full of life and excited about Decklan Orion Harrison. Unfortunately nothing prepares you for these things and you begin to wonder why God allowed this to happen, what are his plans when he let this happen. The baby was strangled by his own umbilical cord, twice around his neck and once around his right little arm with a knot in it. As a parent I feel helpless because I wish I could say the right words to make everything better. I seen my children grow up and I have always done everything in my power to ensure that they are never in harms way, with my PTSD from the military, my psychiatrist has told me that I do have to let go a little bit because I am too over protective of my kids, this is due to the fact that when I was in combat, I always looked out for my troops and always defended them when they needed someone there. The only thing left to do is move on. I am grateful to the idea that he is with my father in heaven looking down on me and my daughter. I lost my father while attending CSUN so during my career as a student, I have lost 2 loved ones, this is why I fight to continue and accomplish this goal, my dad dreamed of seeing one of his kids graduate from a university but unfortunately cancer took him from me before I could fulfill that dream for him. I was so excited that I could be an example to my grandson but he too was taken from us. I am grateful though that I do have my kids, my wife, mother and brothers that will be here to witness my accomplishment. This is also very important to me because I will now be an example to my kids that no matter the age anything is possible with determination and when you put all your heart into it. So from this day forward I will walk with my head up and say I can do it and I do it for my family and the loved ones I lost. Thank you for allowing me to get this off of my chest and now I can move forward. 
