---
layout: post
title:  "Blog 0”
date:   2021-02-26 11:07:48 -0700
categories: docker
---

This week in IS 441 we continued the study of the ERD. Part of the E-R Model Constructs have 2 entity types, “Entity Instance, and Entity Type”. 
Entity Instance- person, place, object, event, concept, (often correspondence to a row in a table)
Entity Type- collection of entities, (often corresponds to a table)
Next we have attributes. Attributes are properties of characteristics of an entity or relationship type, often corresponds to a filed in a table. 
Relationships have two types: relationship instance is a link between entities, relationship type are category of relationship link between entity types. 
Relationship degree are number of entity  types involved in a relationship. 
Relationship cardinality are how many of each entity type is allowed in a relationship. 
Now I will be talking about Modeling The Rules of an Organization:
Data Modeling is used to document rules and policies of an organization. Business rules and policies are for creating, updating, and removing data. 
The business rules must be described along with the data to which they are related. Business rules are statements  that define that define or constraint some aspects of the business, they are derived from policies, procedures, events, and functions. These also assert business structure, control/ influence business behavior, they are expressed in terms familiar to end users, and are automated through DBMS software and relationship ERD’s are defined/ derived from business rules. The overview of business rules are statements that define or constraint some aspects of the business. Now what we ended our evening with was the characteristic of a good business rule. Declarative is what but not how, precise clear, agreed upon meaning, atomic is one statement, consistent is internally and externally, distinct is non-redundant and business oriented is understood by business people. Here is where we left off and next week I will share more knowledge that I learn from this corse. 
