---
layout: post
title:  "Blog 6 SP21”
date:   2021-04-09 11:07:48 -0700
categories: docker
---

 
In todays blog I will be talking about The Enhanced E-R Model. First I will be talking about the Supertypes and Subtypes. The enhanced ER model extends original ER model with new modeling constructs, Subtype is a subgrouping of the entities in an entity type that has attributes distinct from those in other subgrouping. Supertyp is a generic entity type that has a relationship with one or more subtypes. Attribute inheritance are subtype entities that inherit values of all attributes of the supertype, an instance of a subtype is also an instance of the supertype. Now I will discuss relationships and subtypes. Relationships at the Supertype level indicate that all subtypes will participate in the relationship. The instance of a subtype may participate in a relationship unique to that subtype. Generalization and specialization. Generalization is the process of defining a more general entity type from a set of more specialized entity types. Specialization is the process of defining one or more subtypes of the supertype and forming supertype/ subtype relationships. Completeness constraints are constraints in supertype/ subtype relationships, whether an instance of supertype must also be a member of at least one subtype; here a total specialization rule has a double line and partial specialization rule contains just a single line. Disjointness constrains is whether an instance of a Supertype may simultaneously be a member of two subtypes. The overlap rule is an instance of the supertype could be more than one of the subtypes. A subtype discriminator is an attribute of the supertype whose values determine the target subtype. A simple attribute with alternative values to indicate the possible subtypes is considered to be disjointed. Overlapping is a composite attribute whose subparts pertain to different subtypes. Each subparts pertain to different subtypes. Each subpart contains a Boolean value to indicate whether or not the instance belongs to the associated subtype. In an EER diagram, sometimes it can be difficult to read when there are too many entities and relationships, the solution to this is to group entities and relationships into entity clusters. Entity clusters are a set of one or more entity types and associated relationships grouped into a single abstract entity type. Packaged data models are predefined data models, they can be universal or industry-specific, universal data model equals a generic or template data model that can be reused as a string point for a data modeling project which is also called a pattern. And finally for this section I will describe advantages of packaged data models: Use proven model components, save time and cost, less likelihood of data model errors, easier evolve and modify over time, aid in requirements determination, easier to read, supertype/ subtype hierarchies promote reuse, many-to-many relationships enhance model flexibility, vendor-supplied data model fosters integration with vendor’s applications, universal models support inter-organizational systems. This concludes the enhanced E-R model lesson.
