---
layout: post
title:  "Blog 5 SP21”
date:   2021-04-02 11:07:48 -0700
categories: docker
---

 
I will continue with the modeling data in the organization from where I left off last week. Naming attributes. Names should be a singular noun or noun phrase that like concept name and physical characteristics. Names should be unique, no two attributes of the same entity type may have the same name. Names should follow a standard format, the format is established by each organization. Similar attributes of different entity types should use the same qualifiers and classes. Now I will be defining attributes. Attributes state what the attribute is and possibly why it is important, always make it clear what is and is not included in the attributes value. Include aliases in documentation, state source of values, specify required versus optional, state min and max number of occurrences allowed and indicate relationships with other attributes. Now I will be doing an introduction to relationships. Relationships is an association representing an interaction among the instances of one or more entity types, a relationship has a verb name, a name that describes the nature of the relationship. Relationship type versus relationship instances. The relationship type is modeled as lines between entity types, the relationship instance is between specific entity instance. Relationships can have two attributes, these describe features pertaining to the association between the entities in the relationship Two entities can have more than one type of relationship between them, associative entity is a combination of relationship and entity. Associative entities has attributes and a relationship links entities together. Associative entity is a combination of relationship and entity. Here are the characteristics of and associative entity. All relationships for the associative entity should be many, has independent meaning, it preferably has a unique identifier, should also have other attributes, may participate in other relationships other than the associated entities, and ternary relationships should always be converted	to associative entities. Associative entity is like a relationship with an attribute, but it is also considered to be an entity in its own right. Now I will discuss degrees of relationships. Degree of relationship is the number of entity types that participate in it. There are three types: Unary relationship, this only has one entity. Binary relationship has two entities. Ternary relationship has three entities. Now let’s discuss cardinality of relationships. One to One, each entity instance in the relationship will have exactly on related entity. One to Many is an entity instance on one side of the relationship can have many related entity instance but an entity instance on the other side will have a maximum of one related entity instance. Many to Many entity instances on both sides of the relationship can have many related entity instances on the other side. And finally for this section, cardinality constraints. Cardinality constraints is the number of instances of one entity that can or must be associated with each instance of another entity. Maximum cardinality is optional if zero but mandatory if one to more. Maximum cardinality is the maximum number. This section was a lot to learn but it sets the foundation of what is to come in order to properly run a data base for an organization and or business. 
