---
layout: post
title:  "Blog 10 SP21”
date:   2021-05-07 11:07:48 -0700
categories: docker
---

Today is my last blog. In todays blog I will discuss how I feel as my student career comes to an end. So here we are, one more week left and I will be receiving my bachelor’s degree in Computer Information Technology. The road to my degree has been a long one and stressful, to say that it was easy, I would be lying to you. During this long road as a student it has had it’s ups and downs, I have also met some of the most interesting people from all walks of life. To be honest I have met some really great students and professors. I have had some professors that had a lot to be desired to some of the most passionate professors. I will name one of my favorite professors that I have to say that they always leave the best for last. Professor Lisa Smith, I have to say is one of the best professors I ever encountered in my career as a student, you can see the passion in her for the career but also how much she is passionate about her students learning. Professor Smith out of all the professors, she was the one that actually made sure we were prepared to go out into the real world, she could’ve just kicked her feet up and let us lose to our projects, but she went above and beyond making us familiar AWS, Teraform, Ansible, Docker, Slack, and Github. As you can see everything she taught us, and in the time  prior to being her student, I had never heard of any of this except for AWS but it was never taught to me in the way she taught us. The professor that takes second place for me would have to be Professor Adam Kaplan. Professor Kaplan, made the class very interesting and involving which kept me interested in everything that was involved with security. Professor Kaplan is very passionate about the subject and insures that we learn and understand what he is teaching us. I always looked forward to his class. 
This degree was very hard for me and challenging but I am here now and like the military, I accomplished it, there was a time I could not see the light at the end of the tunnel but here I am and the light is a week away. Throughout my days in school I lost two family members, I lost my dad to cancer and this semester I lost my grandson. There is nothing in this world that can make things better when tragedy strikes at home but I made a promise to myself, my wife, kids and especially my dad, that I would accomplish my bachelors degree. My dad always dreamed of seeing at least one of his kids graduate from the university, and I was that child of his, unfortunately he did not make it to see me here but I know God will allow him to see me from heaven finally graduate. I am 50 and sometimes I feel as though I am doing this too late because I have to compete against the younger generation graduating with me, this concerns me and worries me but I must not allow that to keep me down, I have accomplished more complicated things in my life, I have taken pilot lessons, I survived a bomb attack in Afghanistan, and have kept going forward after the losses of family members, this is just another challenge that I will have to face, I will fail but I will learn from those failures, like Denzel Washington stated, in order to succeed I need to fail, I will not worry about my age and will fight until I can achieve what I have worked towards so hard. I am happy though that I am an example to my kids, I can not just only tell them but also show them that anything can be done when set your mind and it can be accomplished. I am so happy I was given this opportunity because when it comes my time to go home to my dad and God,  I will be able to say, “I accomplished that” I never want to say “what if I had done that?”, so for the opportunities wether good or not so good, I have to thank all of my professors for taking the time to teach me and my fellow classmates. CSUN was a fun school to attend and like I said before, I met some of the greatest people, I will never forget them. So now its time to move on to the next chapter in my life, this is my last blog. So long and my God bless everyone. We got this, Class 2021. Signing off, Steve Guzman.
