---
layout: post
title:  "Blog 4 SP21”
date:   2021-03-26 11:07:48 -0700
categories: docker
---

 
Spring Break now being over and last time with the loss in my family, I was unable to continue  what I have learned in IS 441. Now I am picking this up with strong vs weak and identifying relationships. Strong entity can stand on it own, not dependent and has unique identifier, it exists independently of other types of entities. A weak entity is not independent because it relies on the strong entity, it has no unique identifier, this identifier can be identified by having double lines. Identifying relationships links strong entities to weak entities. Guidelines for Naming and defining entities is next. For names they must have: singular noun, specific to organization, must be concise or abbreviated, for event entities, the result not the process, and the naming must be consistent for all diagrams. Now definitions. For definitions it must describe uniques characteristics, must be explicit about what is and what is not an entity when an instance is created or destroyed, make changes to other entity types, and a history should be kept. Now moving on to attributes. Attributes are property or a characteristics of an entity or relationship type. Now let’s discuss classification of attributes: there are required vs optional attributes, Simple vs composite attributes (composite meaning more that one), single-valued versus multi-valued attributes ( ie, skills), stored versus derived attributes ( order totals), and identifier attributes ( ie, Student ID). There are required attributes as well as optional attributes. The difference is that a required must have a value for every entity instance with which it is associated, optional attribute may not have a value for every entity instance with which it is associated. I mentioned before composite attributes and they are attributes that have meaningful component parts. Multi-valued and derived attributes. A multi-valued attribute may take on more than one value for a given entity instance and derived values can be calculated from related attribute values. Identifiers are called keys. An identifier key is an attribute or a combination of attributes that uniquely identifies individual instances of an entity type, there are two: simple and composite identifiers. Candidate identifiers are an attribute that could be a key that satisfies the requirements for being an identifier. The criteria for identifier are you have to chose identifiers that will not change in value, will not be null, unique for each instance in the entity. Avoid intelligent identifiers and substitute new, simple keys for long, composite keys. Next weeks blog I will continue. 

