---
layout: post
title:  "Blog 2 SP21”
date:   2021-03-05 11:07:48 -0700
categories: docker
---

In this weeks blog I will continue to share knowledge that I have gained in IS 441, we continued learning the Modeling Data in the Organization. Last week I spoke about the characteristics of a good business rule, and this week we went over some examples for good business rules, here are a few: A supplier may supply many items, each item must be used in the assembly of at least on product, a shipment must include one or more items, a customer may submit any number of order, each order must be submitted by exactly one customer, a product may not be requested on any order or may be requested on one or more orders. Here we begin to see what will become in a business rule a many to many relationship, one to many relationship, or one to one relationship and how it can be mandatory or optional. Next I want to talk about Characteristics of a Good Data Name. When related to business not technical (hardware or software), it must be meaningful, self documenting. It should be unique for every distinct data object. Readable should be a concept that would be naturally said, composed of words from an approved list. Be repeatable meaning that different people should develop same name. Follow a standard syntax. Next up, Modeling Entities and Attributes. The E-R model is normally expressed as entity-relationship diagram. It is a graphical representation of entities in the business environment, the relationship among those entities, and the attributes of both the entities and their relationships. It is mostly used during the analysis phase of database development. Next is entities. Entity is a person, a place, an object, an event, or a concept in the user environment about which the organization wishes to maintain data. Entity type is a collection of entities that share common properties or characteristics. Entity instances is a single occurrence of an entity type. An entity should be, an object that will have many instances in the database, an object that will be composed of multiple attributes, and an object that we are trying to model. An entity should not be a user of the database system, and an output of the database system (e.g., a report). Next time I will be discussing more about the ERD because this is a very long lesson and it goes deep into the basics of it in order to understand what is happening when we get to the more complicated lessons involving SQL. 
