---
layout: post
title:  "Blog 9 SP21”
date:   2021-04-30 11:07:48 -0700
categories: docker
---

Today I will be continuing my blog about Logical Database Design and the Relational Model.  This section has been broken up into 2 parts so today I will blog about continued part 1. Transforming EER diagrams into relations. Here are some mapping regular entities to relations: Simple attributes - ER attributes map directly onto the relation. Composite attributes - use only their simple, component attributes, multivalued attributes - becomes a separate relation with a foreign key taken from the superior entity. Now mapping weak entities. Weak entities become a separate relation with a foreign key taken from the superior entity, Primary key is composed of partial identifier of weak entity and primary key of identifying relation (strong entity). Mapping binary relationships: One-to-many: primary key own the one side becomes a foreign key on the many side. Many-to-many: create an new relation with the primary keys of the two entities as its primary key. One-to-one: primary key on mandatory side becomes a foreign key on optional side. Arrows: indicating referential integrity constraints, point from many- side to one- side and from foreign key to primary key. Mapping associative entities. Three relations will be created: one for each of the original entities, and a third for the associative entity. Here are two situations: identifier not assigned, the default primary key for the association relation is composed of the primary keys of the two entities ( as in many-to-one relationship), identifier assigned: it is natural and familiar to end-users and default identifiers may not be unique. Mapping urinary relationships: One-to-many-recursive foreign key in the same relation. Many-to-many-two relations: one for the entity type and one for an associative relation in which the primary key has two attributes, both taken from the primary key of the entity. Mapping ternary relationships: one relation for each entity and one for the associative entity, and associative entity has foreign keys to each regular entity in the relationship. Mapping supertypes and subtype relationships: One relation for the supertype and for each subtype. Supertyoe attributes go into supertype relation, subtype attributes go into each subtype; primary key of supertype relation also becomes primary key of subtype relation. One-to-one relationship established between supertype and each subtype with supertype as primary table. This here concludes part one of this section of “Logical Database Design and the Relational Model.” On my next blog I will discuss how the semester went and how it feels to come to the end of my student career and how I am ready to move on to real world career as I look for a job in the IT field, its has been quite the adventure but I am read to move. Till next weeks blog have a great one. 
