---
layout: post
title:  "Blog 8 SP21”
date:   2021-04-23 11:07:48 -0700
categories: docker
---

Today I will be blogging about Logical Database Design and the Relational Model.  This section has been broken up into 2 parts so today I will blog about part 1. The first part of this chapter is about components of relational data. Data structure involves tables (relations), rows, and columns. Data manipulation, powerful SQL operations for retrieving and modifying data. Data integrity, mechanisms for implementing business rules that maintain integrity of manipulated data. Logical DB design is the process of transforming the conceptual data model into a logical data model. Conceptual data modeling: getting the right requirements. Logical DB design: getting the requirements right. An E-R data model is not a relational data model, need normalization. ERD is developed for the purpose of understanding business rules, not structuring data for proper Database processing. Next in the discussion Relation. A relation is a named, two-dimensional table of data. A table consists of rows(records) and columns (attribute or field.  Here are some requirements for a table to qualify as a relation: 1. It must have a unique name. 2. Every attribute value must be atomic. 3. Every row must be unique. 4. Attributes in tables must have unique names. 5. The order of the column must be irrelevant. 6. The order of the rows must be irrelevant. Correspondence with the E-R model. Relations tables correspond with entity types and with many-to-many relationship types. Rows correspond with entity instances and with many-to-many relationship instances. Columns correspond with attributes. We can express the structure of a relation by a shorthand notation. The word relation is not the same as the word relationship in E-R model. Key fields. Keys are special fields that serve two main purposes: primary keys are unique identifiers of the relation. Foreign keys are identifiers that enable a dependent relation to refer to its parent relation. Keys can be simple or composite. Keys usually are used as indexes to speed up the responses to user queries. Integrity constraints are allowable values for an attribute, entity integrity have no primary key-Foreign key relationship, also rules that maintain consistency between the rows of two related tables. Integrity constraints - referential integrity. Rules state that any foreign key value must match a primary key value in the relation of the foreign key which can be null. Here are some rules: Restricted does not allow delete of parent side if related rows exist in dependent side. Cascade automatically delete dependent side rows that correspond with the parent side row to be deleted. Set-to-null sets the foreign key in the dependent side to null if deleting from the parent side not allowed for weak entities. There are three EER diagram transformation into relationship. Regular entities are entities that have an independent existence and generally represent real world objects such as a person and product. Week entities are entities that cannot exist except with and identifying relationship with an owner entity type. Weak entities are identified by a rectangle with a double line. Associative entities are formed from many-to-many relationships between other entity types. Associative entities are represented by rectangle with rounded corners.  To be continued next week after my next lecture. 
